Previously on "Shots Fired"...
He's saying you refused to get help
for emotional trauma you
suffered on the job.
Unless you show the court
you're working to fix these issues,
you're gonna lose your child.
My initiative is privately funded
by Arlen Cox
and the Cox Group, Financial.
A standing 8:45 tee time
at Crystal Lake.
If you can spare the time.
Well, thank you, sir.
We've been hiding him out
because we didn't know what else to do.
One of them police sedans
chasing down Joey.
An older white man got
out of the car and shot him.
If you saw this man again,
would you recognize him?
Yeah.
So what's the deal with the Houses?
Keep hearing it's like
the Wild West down there.
Personally, I never ran any tours there.
Tours?
It's nothing, it's stupid.
It's like a tour of duty.
The weed that was found
in Jesse's glove compartment.
It's the same strain of marijuana
found on Joey Campbell.
These two cases are connected.
Open up a case on Joey Campbell.
I want to know who murdered him.
I'm proposing
the "Jesse Carr Call 1st" bill.
Can I help you?
I'm in.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Next caller, you're on the air,
what's your take?
They opened the case on
Joey Campbell to save face.
The DOJ don't care about him.
They don't care about any of us.
They're putting on a show.
And if you think they're
gonna bring justice,
you're kidding yourself.
I'm tired of waiting for people in power
to do the right thing.
It's time we rise up.
Douglass said, "No struggle,
no progress."
But how many more black folks
gotta die before the real...
Sir, can you please turn off the...?
We're gonna be heard.
Next caller, what have you got to say?
That kid in the Houses, I'm sorry,
but that's what happens over there.
That college boy, he had his
whole life ahead of him.
He was unarmed...
Just right this way, ladies.
Are you guys doing okay...
do you need any coffee or water?
There's a crafty table
around the corner.
You can help yourselves
to whatever you need.
Just around the corner.
So we'll get you mic'd and you'll
be on the air in less than three.
Three minutes?
Yeah. Don't be nervous.
It's easier than it looks.
Sorry I'm late.
How are you, Alicia?
Five, four, three, two...
Whoa!
Hey.
Sorry, man.
What the hell is this?
The concierge told me about this spot.
Really, it's a coincidence.
I don't believe in coincidence.
If that's true, how did the
marijuana found in Jesse's car
match the same weed found on Joey?
Jesse went to the hood
for barbecue, not drugs,
yet Joey's weed was found
in his glove compartment.
How does a cop who doesn't believe
in coincidences explain that?
You read the report.
Lieutenant Breeland found
the weed, ask him.
Sounds like Breeland's got your back.
I got my own back.
For what it's worth, I get it.
The pressure, being the only one.
Yeah, we got something in common.
Both of our jobs are
putting brothers away.
I heard y'all opened up
a case for Joey, too.
Yeah. Yeah, you know anything about that?
I know nobody expected y'all
to be here this long.
Synced & corrected by kinglouisxx
www.addic7ed.com
I'm Amy Holmes, and today
we have an exclusive sit-down
with the women at the center
of this story:
Alicia Carr, Shameeka Campbell,
and the woman that brought them
together, Pastor Janae Jones.
- Thank you, ladies, for joining us.
- Thank you.
Alicia, how are you?
Tired, you know, of waiting.
And Shameeka, how are you coping?
Well, I miss my boy, but people
are looking into things now,
so that's something.
I can't imagine how
frustrated you must feel
about the lack of progress
in your son Joey's case.
Do you think that the
circumstances surrounding
his death may be a contributing
factor to the delay?
I'm sorry, "circumstances"?
Authorities say that Joey's
death was a drug deal gone bad.
Two boys lost their lives.
Both allegedly had drugs on them.
One is being portrayed as a
student with a bright future
and the other, a thug.
Which brings me
to a tough question, Alicia.
We're just learning now
that Jesse's toxicology report shows
that he also had alcohol in his system.
So my question to you, Alicia,
as a mother, were there
any warning signs
that perhaps your son was troubled?
My son...
our sons are the victims.
You've both aligned yourself
with public figures... Pastor Janae
and Governor Eamons'
political opponent, Penn Moder.
Alicia, do you feel like you're getting
the support you need from Mr. Moder?
I'm-I'm sorry, I-I, I was under
the impression that today
was supposed to be about our boys.
It's-it's also about relationships.
And-and yours as well, Pastor Janae.
You have a surprising collaboration
with Governor Eamons.
She credits you with inspiring
her educational initiative.
Her initiative is being funded
by the Cox Group, Financial,
the same company that's building a
private prison in our community.
I had nothing to do with inspiring that.
Morning.
Morning. How was your run?
Beck seemed genuinely surprised
about the matching strains of weed.
You buying it?
Actually, yeah, he covered.
Question is, what is he hiding?
You find anything?
Maybe. I was going through
some of Breeland's reports
and I found a pattern.
Here he's listed
as the arresting officer.
Then in parentheses on the line
below is the name A.D. Koppell.
The name is listed
on a few reports like that.
What do we know about him?
There's no record of an Officer
Koppell of any rank
in Gate Station or surrounding counties.
Sheriff's dispatch acted like
they never heard of him or her.
Well, the department knows
we opened a case on Joey.
Pretty damn sure they're not
going to help us out
with this investigation.
This came in about an hour or so ago.
Who's this?
Forensic artist sat with Cory.
This is Joey's shooter.
Lieutenant, can I get a word?
Sure.
The weed in Jesse's glove
compartment box.
How'd it get there?
What are you asking me, Deputy?
You know what I'm asking you,
Lieutenant.
Was it there before or after
I pulled the kid over?
You know, Josh, I've been
awfully supportive of you
throughout all this.
You don't want me any other way.
Did you tamper with my crime scene?
Did you check the car?
You know I didn't.
Then you better watch
what the hell you're saying.
I'm saying it was a clean shoot.
Not without the evidence I recovered.
You think you own me now?
You think I won't talk about
what's been going on here?
Who's gonna testify on your behalf
when the DOJ presents your case?
You need to remember
who your friends are.
Excuse me.
You hate being asked,
"How are you?" much as I do?
Yeah.
Words don't mean a whole lot.
Sometimes you just need a hug, you know?
I am tired of talking.
What keeps you going?
Music.
When it gets too quiet.
Yeah, I've been wearing out
my Kelly Price playlists lately.
After... after Jesse's funeral,
his girlfriend, Cara,
she sent me a link to this song
I just can't stop listening to.
On the hardest days...
When you want to just stay in bed.
Yeah.
Do you believe our boys are
up there watching all this?
That was rough, I know.
But we're national now.
This kind of coverage
will create so much pressure,
soon enough they'll
have to make an arrest.
You don't have to do any of this.
Pastor, we speak for our sons.
Not you, not your church.
Alicia... I am sorry.
Truly, I never meant
to speak for your son.
I got Thursdays off
if you ever want to,
I don't know, grab coffee or...
You take care of yourself.
Feelings of stress or anxiety?
No.
Excessive drinking
or drug use, reckless behavior,
promiscuity?
That's wrong.
You look tired.
Do you have trouble sleeping?
Sometimes.
What keeps you up?
What doesn't?
Please don't answer
my questions with questions.
Then stop tiptoeing and ask me
what you really want to ask.
Why did you refuse psych
after you killed that teenager?
I'm a self-helper.
Taking a life is bigger
than you imagined.
Do you talk to anybody?
Not really.
- Do you have anybody?
- I have Kai.
Are you struggling
with this separation from her?
You realize just taking up
a half-hour of my time
is not the treatment
the court is hoping to see.
A partner of mine,
only real mentor I ever had,
once told me if you have
one person in your life
who you can just be you with,
you're lucky.
That's Kai.
She's my one person.
So yeah, when I can't
see her, it's hard.
- Hey.
Turns out Koppell wasn't
the only anomaly in the files.
What'd you find?
There's a Sergeant Derkin
partnered with Lieutenant Breeland
on one arrest after another.
Until all of a sudden, he's not.
Not with Breeland, not with anyone.
16 years with the department,
hometown boy,
born and raised in Gate Station,
class of '98.
We're looking for a Sergeant Derkin.
He's no longer with the department.
Why not?
Transferred.
Where?
Out of our jurisdiction. Anything else?
When?
August 31.
Two days after Joey was murdered.
Is this a good time?
If by a good time you mean
the worst time, then yes.
You reached out to me.
Sorry, I... we're getting it
from all ends.
Our donors are freaking out
from the town hall backlash,
and having Pastor Janae
criticize our prison jobs agenda
on national TV isn't helping.
And then there's you.
You're working two cases now.
I'm impressed.
But...
No "but"...
I just want to make sure
that the case that brought
you here remains a priority.
"You" want to make sure?
The governor wants to make sure.
And why is the Carr case a priority?
You, you know what I mean.
Actually, no, I don't.
That's why I asked.
Can we start over?
Hey.
Just proofed it. Want me to send it out?
No. Nothing goes out without my approval.
Did you include the request
from the governor...?
_
All right, I have 30 minutes,
and then it's off to Raleigh
to huddle with the boss lady.
Is everything okay?
Sorry, I have to go.
Dr. Koppell!
Hey, there.
Preston Terry.
We met back at the fundraiser
for Governor Eamons.
Of course, at Arlen Cox's home.
If you're here to take me up
on my offer,
you're gonna have to change that suit.
No, unfortunately,
I'm on the clock, Doctor.
Please, it's George.
That's your given name?
If I had changed my name, I'd
have picked something flashy.
What's your involvement
with the police department?
My involvement?
I'm sorry, am I being
investigated for something?
What does A.D. Koppell stand for?
Isn't that some sort
of nickname of yours?
I think I know my own nickname.
Are you familiar with
the Joey Campbell case?
Of course.
Were you anywhere near
the Houses August 29,
- the night he was murdered?
- Absolutely not.
- You're sure about that?
- I'm sure.
Are we done?
I'll keep in touch.
Mr. Terry.
Mr. Terry, thank you for coming down.
Governor.
Please, sit.
Mr. Terry, I'm concerned
your attention has been divided.
I understand your concern, Governor.
But if I had any doubt
that the Joey Campbell case
was connected to Jesse Carr's,
I would have never brought it
to Washington's attention.
Listen, I sat down
with the boy's mother.
I was in his room, for God sakes.
It's a tragedy.
But how is it a DOJ case?
We're investigating potential corruption
within the Gate Station
Sheriff's Office.
And how is my friend Dr. Koppell
involved in any of this?
We're still investigating, Governor.
You're still here because
I told Deputy Chief Carroll
I had confidence in you.
You realize the moment
these questionable leads of
yours dry up,
I can no longer say that.
I also realize that if I fail,
Joey Campbell's killer roams free.
But I don't see that happening.
- Hey.
Dr. George Koppell is one of
Eamons' most generous supporters.
Getting summoned
to the Governor's Mansion
only adds to my suspicion of the guy.
What sent you to Koppell
in the first place?
Well, his name didn't ring
a bell at first
till I saw it on the governor's
campaign donors list.
Wait a second.
You saw this list where?
Look, it doesn't matter.
I rattled the guy enough
for him to call the governor in a panic.
There's a reason for that.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
I mean, it was dark,
but it ain't this dude.
Dude who shot Joey looked different.
- Different how?
- Don't know.
Does this man look familiar?
Yeah, I've seen him around.
He used to work the neighborhood.
Was he there when Joey was killed?
Told you, I didn't see the cops' faces.
People are saying you're
the wrong kind of witness.
Are they right?
Now, what the hell you mean by that?
He told you what he knows.
And you stand by this rendering
of the shooter?
Yeah. I mean, it was dark, like I say.
And that was a month ago.
And I barely remember you.
You don't forget the face
of a man who murdered a boy
crying for his mother.
I'm sure, 100%.
Not him.
Give the kid a break.
Composite sketches aren't foolproof.
When this much time has passed,
a person's imagination can trump memory.
We can't give Washington time
to have second thoughts.
You back to trying to impress them?
It's not about me. It's about the case
and making sure they don't shut it down.
You mean, now that the governor
is no longer
in the Preston Terry fan club?
So what, you don't think I
should have talked to Koppell
because he's friends with Eamons?
I never said that.
Akino.
Got it.
Text me the address.
Sergeant Derkin registered
firearms in Mason County,
a couple of hours out of town.
They have one police station there.
I'm gonna see if I can track him down.
What's the address? I'll meet you there.
It's a solo trip.
Why? Because I talked to Koppell alone?
Doctors and lawyers speak
one language, cops another.
They don't move cops around for nothing.
This path you got us on is something.
Good work.
I'm sorry, what was that?
Don't be a smart-ass.
Come in.
Little late for lunch, isn't it?
Dinner.
Wife had me bring it over.
Doreen called her.
Said y'all were having issues.
That's putting it mildly.
She packed up and moved out.
Just want to say we're here,
me and Sandra.
Whatever you need.
I appreciate it.
You know I got an anniversary coming up?
Yes, I do.
20 years on the force, Calvert.
I'm going to reserve my congratulations
until it's official.
You know, with all this noise going on,
now you and Doreen,
if you could've done
anything differently,
after all your years
on the force, would you?
Being a sheriff is a business of crisis.
But it's the life I chose.
It's the life that Doreen
chose when she made her vows.
I regret hurting her.
But would I have done
anything different?
Hell no.
And the air has been
so thick in this town that...
I haven't been able to be
what I needed to be with her.
- I just...
- Yeah.
It's getting hard as hell to breathe.
Sergeant Derkin?
Yeah.
Ashe Akino.
Investigator with the DOJ.
- You don't look happy to see me.
- Does anyone?
- Depends.
- On?
Which side they're on.
You're a long way from home.
What did you do to get
transferred out here?
Cops are transferred all the time.
Yeah, maybe.
You patrolled the Houses
with Lieutenant Breeland.
You see anything the night
Joey Campbell was killed?
It was Breeland's crime scene,
you must've talked to him.
So, you were there?
But you weren't listed
on Breeland's report.
Any idea why?
- Why don't you ask him?
- Stop playing with me.
There were two cops on
the scene when Joey was shot,
and you must've really messed up
to get sent to this hell-hole.
I requested this transfer.
You chose to come out here,
to leave your squad, your family?
I got no family.
Did A.D. Koppell have anything to do
with you high-tailing it
out of Gate Station?
You don't even know
what that means, do you?
The governor's got a lot
of rich donor friends,
but Koppell, he wasn't the
auxiliary deputy on that night.
So who was?
Break's over.
If you change your mind...
Or if you just need to talk.
Preston, I need you
to go through the police reports
and flag any name with "A.D." attached.
A.D. isn't any one person's initials.
It's an abbreviation
for auxiliary deputy.
Thank you! Thank you!
Hold on, hold on.
Look, political correctness
is killing this country, okay?
We've all heard the governor's
supporters hollering,
"What about Joey?"
You know what I want
to ask the governor?
I want to ask your governor
why the cop that killed Jesse Carr
is still walking around free.
What about Jesse?!
What about Jesse? What about Jesse?
- What about Jesse?
- Yeah!
- Let Moder talk!
- Go home!
- You got no business here!
- Let Moder talk!
How many of y'all consider
yourselves pro-life?
If you're pro-life,
how can you not respect the life
of a murdered child?
Any child?
You can't chant "What about Jesse?"
and not care about Joey.
And if you're chanting
"What about Joey,"
I want to hear you say
Jesse's name, too!
We live in a city that is
separated by tracks,
and further divided by race and class.
And turning our anger on each
other won't change anything!
It'll just further divide us.
So let's take this moment
to truly be pro-life.
What about Joey?
Get outta here! What about Joey?
Tensions escalated
this afternoon when protestors
supporting Joey Campbell
clashed with attendees
at a Penn Moder gubernatorial
campaign rally.
Pastor Janae Jones surprised the crowd
by taking the microphone,
causing emotions to flare...
I can't.
And I didn't even have to ask.
Come on, Ma, this is important.
What you working on?
Short story I got to read
in front of the whole class tomorrow.
The teacher was cool with me
writing about Emmett Till,
even though none
of the kids ever heard of him.
Don't go doubting yourself.
You'll be teaching them something.
Took guts, facing them people
at that new school.
I'm proud of you.
I apologize for not reaching out sooner.
Why didn't you tell me
the Cox Group, Financial
was financing your education initiative?
We need prisons.
That's our reality, and our
state prisons are overcrowded.
Overcrowded with my people.
I'm trying to change that.
My education initiative
is the first step
in breaking that cycle.
You cannot dismiss that.
I'm not dismissing it.
I just don't want my name
attached to it.
I know how these
private prisons operate,
trading prisoners like-like Lincoln
never made his proclamation.
Do you want me to refuse the money,
just wash my hands of these children?
- That is not what I'm saying.
- Well, you're in the room now.
You have to do more than just
spout ideology. You need a plan.
My plan is to be heard.
These protests will not stop
the prison from being built.
If anything, they're just
endangering this initiative.
The fact that it's funding
poor black schools
is a slap in the face.
You make deals
in order to make progress.
That's the difference
between you and me.
What you see as progress,
I see as compromise.
Compromise is how you get
things done. That's politics.
Politicians make rules
and set boundaries.
Leaders are visionaries
who know no boundaries.
Janae, I know how much
Gate Station means to you.
Together, we can get
ahead of this and keep our city
from becoming another Ferguson.
Ferguson was a tragedy,
a rallying cry that spawned a movement.
A movement still alive today.
Have you ever considered that
maybe I do want another Ferguson?
Well, I guess that's the
difference between you and me.
Good luck to you.
What do you got?
I dug through the reports
and found another I.D.
Turns out this guy Christopher McFarland
is not only an auxiliary deputy
for the Sheriff's Department,
he's also one of
Governor Eamons' top donors.
60 years old, fits Cory's
description of the shooter,
and he owns this whole damn building.
What's going on?
I need to head back to D.C.
Personal matter.
Carroll said he'd give me
the time off, if you're down.
You think you can handle
everything here without me
for a couple days, boss?
You okay?
I said it was personal.
I think we both want to keep
our personal lives to ourselves.
Got it.
What do you think you're doing?
About to have a conversation.
The hell you are.
You're harassing
members of my community,
and you have no right.
We have every right to question
potential suspects
in a murder investigation.
Not while destroying
everything in your path.
You are guests in my house.
These are my people, you understand me?
If your people were doing their jobs,
we wouldn't be here doing ours.
You ready to do your job, Sheriff?
You can start by explaining
why A.D. Koppell
and A.D. McFarland were listed
on multiple police reports
in the Houses.
Are these ride-alongs?
Those men are among a handful
of volunteer auxiliary deputies,
professionally trained, duly sworn,
law enforcement personnel.
A handful? How many is that?
- Four.
- How many 60-year-old men
are you hiring down at the department
to patrol high crime areas?
These men are trained civilian deputies
who want to make the world
a better place.
By cleaning the streets
one black man at a time?
Boy...
What comes with these
deputy certifications?
A gun, a badge,
and a VIP tour of the Houses?
Your department is running
tours of the Houses.
Taking the governor's rich white friends
to poor black neighborhoods
like they're on safari.
That is not what this is.
This is an above-board program.
All this time we've been looking
at these other people,
but we should have been looking at you.
You look all you want.
I'm not going anywhere.
Now we know why Breeland
was so tight on Beck.
The tours.
You think the pressure got to him?
Knowing his own people
were being hunted?
By the time he pulls Jesse over,
he's off, paranoid and boom.
Another dead kid, but he knows this case
isn't just gonna disappear
like Joey's. He's panicked.
Breeland shows up.
Breeland.
He's our dead end in both cases.
We got to get him to snitch on Beck.
Or we get Beck to turn on
Breeland about the tours.
Or Sergeant Derkin.
That guy's got a lot of guilt,
more than he can carry.
I think I can turn him.
On the upside,
we got a roster of old
white dudes to show Cory.
Hell of a lot more
than we did yesterday.
This whole thing about the tours.
I can't wrap my head around it.
Wish I could say I was surprised.
How could you not be?
People think that we're inherently good,
because it makes them feel like
there's a reason for all this,
but when you do what I do,
you realize that people got it wrong.
We're born bad.
We're just taught to be good.
You don't believe that.
What about your daughter?
Kai?
She's my heartbeat.
She's the only good thing in my life.
I'm going back to D.C.
for a custody hearing.
That's why I needed time off.
I could lose my daughter,
and if I do, it's my own damn fault.
Look, I know you believe in karma
and you're worried this whole
thing is gonna come knocking,
but that's not how life works.
Not your life.
No matter how hard you try and hide it,
I see the good in you.
So what's up with, with you and Sarah?
Decided to settle for your Hillary?
What?
You know, instead of waiting
for your Michelle.
None of my business, but, you know,
dating the governor's aide,
not a good look.
You know, for your career.
We have a suspect to I.D.
I'll see you back at Cory's.
And for the record,
hooking up with my brother
wasn't a real pretty look, either.
You mind shining that light
a little to the left?
You missed a yield sign back there.
You had anything
to drink tonight, ma'am?
I had one beer.
No law against that last time I checked.
Well, I'm gonna have to
administer a field sobriety
test, so why don't you
step out of the vehicle?
How about this...
you give me a Breathalyzer
and we'll both be on our way.
Out of the car, ma'am.
You have my credentials, you
know I'm an officer of the law.
I don't give a damn who you are.
Get out of the car, or I'm
going to light your ass up!
You can't talk to me like that!
Give me your badge number.
Out of the car!
Get your hands off me!
Get your ass on the ground, now!
On the ground! On the ground!
All the way down,
get your ass all the way down.
Now!
Let's go, get up.
Let's go.
Up against the car and stay.
Just relax and there won't be a problem.
Deputy, her weapon.
I'll take it from here.
Yes, sir.
I will do my best to keep
this incident out of the system.
Refusing a sobriety test,
assaulting an officer,
resisting arrest
certainly won't get you
your daughter back.
Kai, that's her name, right?
You're still up?
You know you're getting on that
bus at the crack of dawn, right?
Yeah, I know.
I finished my story, but I
don't think it's good enough.
Come on, I'll take a listen.
What you got?
"Over the 60 earthly years
I've been in Heaven
"I've bunked with a lot of people,
and today I'm getting a new roommate."
They got roommates up in Heaven?
That don't sound fair to me.
"When I was 14, I visited
my uncle in Mississippi,"
"where I whistled at a white girl"
"at the counter of a candy shop..."
"My new roommate interrupts."
"Confused, he asks,
'Why would you do that?'"
"So I said, 'I grew up
in Chicago, Trayvon,"
"'where whistling at a pretty girl
didn't come with a death sentence.'"
"A few days later,
"two white men dragged me
out of my uncle's house
"and threw me in the back
of their truck,
"where a black man was waiting.
"At first I was relieved.
Then I saw him laughing,
and I knew it wasn't good."
"The black man held me down
while the white men tortured me,
"and after my soul left my body,
I watched them shoot me,
"tie me to a cotton-gin fan,
and throw me in the Tallahatchie River."
"Over the years there were times
when I thought the sadness
"would never leave, but it did...
eventually."
"And here I am now,"
"hoping I can help the sadness leave you."
"Trayvon wasn't sure the sadness
would ever leave,"
"and he asked me about justice."
"So I told him what God told me:."
"Those who have harmed you will answer
for their sins in the afterlife."
"Suddenly, there's a knock"
"on the door of the Heavenly
home I share"
"with Trayvon Martin
and a new face enters,"
"one unfamiliar to the both of us."
"'Who are you?' Trayvon asks."
"The boy answers,"
"'Joey. Joey Campbell.'"
Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey!
That's him.
That's the man who shot Joey.
Synced & corrected by kinglouisxx
www.addic7ed.com.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org